Let me pick it up
The ground is dirty
If you wanted to hide
Then I will play along with you
Exposing you now
Would be too easy for you two
Husband
Our wedding anniversary is coming up
At that time, I will transfer all the company's shares to you
After that, the company will be in your hands
It won't be hard
Thanks to you resigning and taking care of the house
I can focus on the battles outside
Now that you've gained weight
how can you go back to work?
It's okay, my wife,
I don't dislike you
You just
focus on taking care of the kids at home
Leave the company to me
You don't have to worry
A woman who gives up her career for a man
will always end up in failure
This time
I must return victorious